the horrors of our world from the
sadistic savagery that humanity has
proven capable of to the cruel majesty
of nature itself generate a sum of
terror that far exceeds the tolerances
of the everyday citizen and though these
aspects may be horrific they pale in
comparison to the inexplicable evils of
our time those impossible incorporeal
shadows that simply can't be explained
that have enraptured the imaginations of
men and women to exist in our collective
consciousness as twisted nightmares and
chilling possibilities my name is mr.
mysterious and these are five
disturbingly perplexing ghost videos the
Torquay Museum home to dozens of
artifacts from the pages of classical
history has a rather unfortunate history
of inexplicable interference ranging
from the disturbing apparition of a
female ghost hovering around the remains
of an ancient Egyptian mummified child
being unintentionally captured on camera
to fingerprints being discovered on the
inside of a previously sealed
sarcophagus a string of such hauntings
has pestered and amused the staff who
have in true English fashion simply
accepted the abnormalities as a fact of
life and almost a year and a half later
one of these disturbances was finally
caught on camera taking place in the
museum's gift shop two staff members
were present at the time watch the left
side of your screen from a seemingly
stable display stand several of the
museum's leaflets are spat from the
shelf to the floor leading to the Meuse
stances from the staff notice that the
door to the shop is
shut and that there is very little
active at the moment in the room it is
extremely unlikely that a wayward breeze
simply knocked these cards to the ground
as one of the confused staff members
approaches and bends to pick up the
wayward card several dozen more are
suddenly ejected from the shelf onto his
head leaving the man shocked and
confused watch the postcards again they
aren't simply knocked down they burst
forward from the display stand with an
unnatural energy like a deck of playing
cards being bent at the edges until they
explode forward in an erupting flurry at
this point the staff decide that things
have once again gotten a little strange
for them and they perhaps wisely choose
to exit the gift shop rather than risk
the very real possibility of a
paranormal paper crops
our next destination is the city of
Perth in Australia this footage was
recorded in a dimly lit parking lot
captured via automatically operated CCTV
and was uploaded on the 19th of November
2015 claimed to be one hundred percent
evidence of a real ghost by the uploader
there has been some controversy as to
its authenticity in the footage over the
span of around a minute we see a thin
white figure gliding across the car park
stepping through both vegetation and
vehicles due to the poor quality and low
frame rate of the recording it's not
possible to gain a clear image of the
blurred creature as it steps across the
car park the white apparition remains
out of focus throughout the video
however in several of the frames it's
possible to make out a vaguely human
like visit and its ghostly proportions
are distended and stretched far beyond
the standard anatomy of a human there
have been several possibilities proposed
ranging from examinations of the
motivations and possibilities of the
apparition to more mundane solutions
such as the possibility that the
creature is merely a fluttering
newspaper caught by the midnight breeze
a reflection of the lenses behind the
cameras glass or even a large white moth
flitting past the camera which would
certainly explain the unfocused nature
of the creature in relation to its
environment if not it's humanoid shape
and glimmering appearance in the end
this footage is undeniably disturbing
and a definitive conclusion is unlikely
due to the poor quality of the recording
whatever this creature is we may never
know
are you afraid of hospitals sharp steely
knives sterile Dead's soaked countless
times with blood bile and assorted other
fluids and cold heart eye doctors and
nurses that see patients as possibly
more than mechanical problems to be
rectified between this and the simple
truth that hospitals are common location
for tragic and untimely deaths is it any
wonder that they seem to be something of
a hot spot for paranormal activity for
this first video we're traveling to
Honduras to a teaching hospital known as
the school hospital universitario where
a photographer stumbled across a truly
disturbing sight while recording in late
April of 2016 in the footage we see at
an individual peeking out from behind a
doorway and eventually walking out into
the corridor on closer inspection the
individual appears to be in co poriyal
we can see clear through them to the
corridor behind the individual steps out
into the corridor and seemingly vanishes
as the photographer backs away clearly
shaken by this incident it's theorized
that the individual who can clearly be
seen to be humanoid in appearance is the
unquiet spirit of a doctor from the
hospital's past who had at some point in
the past committed suicide apparently
the doctor in question is something of a
local myth it said that he haunts the
corridors moving between the patient
rooms to flick the light on and off
terrifying or merely irritating it's
hard to say
we've all heard rumors about scary
apparitions roaming old castle as this
video will prove it was taken in one of
the best examples of Elizabethan
architecture in Britain a building named
long lead house in 1733 lady louisa
carteret married the second vikon's they
moot of long lead house she had a number
of servants one of them was a footman he
was very devoted to lady louisa and she
recognized his fine qualities however
the other servants were jealous of his
privileged position until they moved
that the footman was having an affair
with his wife Vikon a man known for his
hot temper flew into a rage some
accounts state that the footman was
ambushed and thrown down the spiral
staircase outside the library his body
was buried in the cellar and the Vikon
told his wife that the footman had left
without saying a word however she knew
that wasn't true so lady louisa spent
night after night searching the building
for the missing man not long after she
died at the age of 22 it's the Phantom
of lady louisa who is the long lead
house ghost just like this video is
showing the corridor outside the library
is where this ghost can be seen which is
where the footman met his death however
the video you're seeing is a very clear
hologram that is made to replicate what
people have been seeing for centuries
now it's also worth noting that this is
not just an imaginary tail in the early
20th century when central heating was
being installed a body was discovered
buried in the cellar it was wearing the
uniform of a footman from the time of
Queen Anne it is said that the bones
were collected together in a shoe box
and buried in the local church yard
though we so often associate ghosts and
the paranormal with the fear of
uncertainty and assorted varieties of
unnatural terror it is perhaps important
to remember that despite the stigma of
ghost stories and their usage and works
of fictional horror very few ghost
sightings actually results in any direct
harm aside from a few dozen jump scares
and the occasional climbing the various
ghosts and ghouls that we have observed
seem to do little more than irritate and
tease perhaps these unknown
manifestations have a sense of humor for
our final video we're delving into
Mexico specifically a branch of the
popular retailer blockbuster and the
struggle of one man to restock the
shelves following another day of
business armed with a cart full of
cut-price DVDs and an assignment the
employee sets about his work though it
appears that he's not alone the first
oddity in this video is the card itself
watch the bottom left of your screen
this juddering unnatural movement is
strange enough but the employee doesn't
notice then a sudden push sees the cart
skidding along across the floor that
gets his attention for a while but
eventually he goes back to work
shrugging off the abnormality but not
for long keep your eye on the leftmost
portion of the shell that the employee
has just stocked the DVD falls off the
shelf seemingly pushed by some invisible
force it is placed back but falls again
then another this time on the back
shelves and another in the foreground
followed by the first falling yet again
at this point the employee is truly
spooked
and hastily makes his exit from the
obnoxiously haunted shop front while
each of these individual aspects can be
attributed to many things stored kinetic
energy in the wheels of the cart
releasing at the right moment to send
the cart wheeling forward across a
possibly sloped floor and potentially
crooked shells resulting in the falling
DVDs it's important to note two things
firstly the direction the cart moves in
and the direction the DVDs fall in are
directly opposed it would take a
significant coincidence for the stores
floor to have been built incorrectly and
for the shelves to have also been
manufactured poorly the second is the
pattern of a xem for lack of a better
term the entire series of events occurs
with superb comedic timing it is
unquestionably amusing to watch the
employee growing more and more disturbed
by the perfectly timed occurrences and
it's really not much of a stretch to
attribute these actions to those of a
poltergeist of sorts with a playful
temperament there are tales older than
time that talk of trickster spirits that
amuse themselves by teasing the hapless
and the unfortunate and while such
stories are usually disregarded as
little more than imaginative fairy tales
it is definitely possible from examples
like this footage to see how such tales
developed so a spiritual prankster or a
series of disturbing events I leave it
for you to decide from playful spirit to
malevolent dead doctors there are things
out there that we simply don't
understand be sure to keep your eyes
open you never know what you might find
lurking just out of sight if you find it
mysterious share and like this video
also be sure to subscribe because you
don't want to miss what's coming next
as always thank you for watching